Proofread administration (#2681)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/administration/centreon-ha/acceptance-guide.md

### Processing 

> To perform this test, launch the `iptables` commands on the @CENTRAL_SLAVE_NAME@. Be careful to avoid @CENTRAL_SLAVE_IPADDR@, otherwise you lose the SSH connection on this node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform this test, launch the `iptables` commands on the @CENTRAL_SLAVE_NAME@. Be careful to not create iptables rules containing @CENTRAL_SLAVE_IPADDR@, otherwise you lose the SSH connection on this node.
```
